Fix nested mutations with multiple belongsTo relations at the same level (#1285)
nuwave/lighthouse: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - `Fixed` Fix query error when using @create/@upsert directives with multiple belongsTo at the same level https://github.com/nuwave/lighthouse/pull/1285

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fixed

- Fix nested mutations with multiple `belongsTo` relations at the same level https://github.com/nuwave/lighthouse/pull/1285
```
